applications: asset_tracker_v2: Fix Wi-Fi+GNSS location priority (#12116)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Default value of the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DATA_ACTIVE_TIMEOUT_SECONDS` is changed to 300 seconds.
  * Enabled link time optimization to reduce the flash size of the application.
    You can disable this using the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ASSET_TRACKER_V2_LTO`.

>   * Possibility for the cloud integration to request the location back to the device for WiFi/cellular positioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Possibility for the cloud integration to request the location back to the device for Wi-Fi or cellular positioning.
```
